{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Kiara Wright \
# Homework 1\
\
						The Founder \
	I played the game \'93The Founder\'94 by Francis Tseng\'92s. While playing the game I \
noticed that this game is a learning experience. This game show\'92s the player what it will \
take to make a company successful. Making a company is not all fun and games. The game started me out with making a name for the company. Once i made the companies name , i had to pick what \
i items i wanted to make, hire employee\'92s, pay them to make the product. Once the employee makes the product, i could then change it to make it stronger, and durable. After confirming that i want the product to be like that, i can go ahead and sell it. With this part of the game i , there is competition. I have to try to get as many buyer\'92s as i can with the limit of ten turns. I also have to be careful of the competition because if they so happen to overlap with the buyer that i am trying to gain, i will be kicked out of the section to gain more buyer\'92s for the time being. The game will then send me back to the office so i can either make more products or deal with problems that can happen. Sometime\'92s when one of the employees are making the product there could be a suicide that happened. Because of that i have to send another employee that is not assign to a task to fix the problem. There was a time where it didn\'92t get fixed and i have to pay for it. There is a bar at the top of the screen where you have to get a certain amount of money so you can stay in business. If you don\'92t make the amount in time they will go in rage mode and stop running your business. This game takes time to play, but it is not that bad.   }